feat: add building and publishing multi-platform images (#6208)
garden-io/garden: docs/other-plugins/container.md

  image: redis:5.0.5-alpine   # <- replace with any docker image ID
```

## Multi-Platform builds

Garden supports building container images for multiple platforms and architectures. Use the `platforms` configuration field, to configure the platforms you want to build for e.g.:

```yaml
# garden.yml
kind: Build
type: container
name: my-container
spec:
  platforms: ["linux/amd64", "linux/arm64"]
```

Garden interacts with several local and remote builders. Currently support for multi-platform builds varies based on the builder backend.

> The following build backends support multi-platform builds out of the box: `garden-cloudbuilder`, `cluster-buildkit`, `kaniko`.

Reviewer: As `garden-cloudbuiler` is not an option in the Kubernetes config:
```suggestion
The following build backends support multi-platform builds out of the box: [Garden Cloud Builder](../reference/providers/container.md), `cluster-buildkit`, `kaniko`.
```
